the preparations of the heart belonged
the preparations of the heart belonged to man but the answer of the tongue is
to man but the answer of the tongue is
to man but the answer of the tongue is from the Lord all the ways of a man are
from the Lord all the ways of a man are
from the Lord all the ways of a man are pure in his own eyes but the Lord weighs
pure in his own eyes but the Lord weighs
pure in his own eyes but the Lord weighs the spirits commit your works to the law
the spirits commit your works to the law
the spirits commit your works to the law and your thoughts will be established
and your thoughts will be established
and your thoughts will be established the Lord has made all for himself yes
the Lord has made all for himself yes
the Lord has made all for himself yes even the wicked for the day of doom
even the wicked for the day of doom
even the wicked for the day of doom everyone proud in hearts is an
everyone proud in hearts is an
everyone proud in hearts is an abomination to the Lord though they join
abomination to the Lord though they join
abomination to the Lord though they join forces non will go unpunished in mercy
forces non will go unpunished in mercy
forces non will go unpunished in mercy and truth atonement is provided for
and truth atonement is provided for
and truth atonement is provided for iniquity and by the fear of the Lord one
iniquity and by the fear of the Lord one
iniquity and by the fear of the Lord one departs from either when a man's ways
departs from either when a man's ways
departs from either when a man's ways please the Lord he makes even his
please the Lord he makes even his
please the Lord he makes even his enemies to be at peace with him better
enemies to be at peace with him better
enemies to be at peace with him better is a little with righteousness than vast
is a little with righteousness than vast
is a little with righteousness than vast revenues without justice a man's heart
revenues without justice a man's heart
revenues without justice a man's heart plans his way but the Lord directs his
plans his way but the Lord directs his
plans his way but the Lord directs his steps divination is on the lips of the
steps divination is on the lips of the
steps divination is on the lips of the king his mouth must not transgress in
king his mouth must not transgress in
king his mouth must not transgress in judgment honest weights and scales are
judgment honest weights and scales are
judgment honest weights and scales are the Lord's all the weights in the bag
the Lord's all the weights in the bag
the Lord's all the weights in the bag are his work
are his work
are his work it is an abomination for kings to commit
it is an abomination for kings to commit
it is an abomination for kings to commit wickedness for a throne is established
wickedness for a throne is established
wickedness for a throne is established by righteousness righteous lips of a
by righteousness righteous lips of a
by righteousness righteous lips of a delight of kings and they love him who
delight of kings and they love him who
delight of kings and they love him who speaks what is right as messengers of
speaks what is right as messengers of
speaks what is right as messengers of death is the King's wrath but a wise man
death is the King's wrath but a wise man
death is the King's wrath but a wise man will appease it in the light of the
will appease it in the light of the
will appease it in the light of the Kings face his life and his favor is
Kings face his life and his favor is
Kings face his life and his favor is like a cloud of the latter rain how much
like a cloud of the latter rain how much
like a cloud of the latter rain how much better to get wisdom than gold and to
better to get wisdom than gold and to
better to get wisdom than gold and to get understanding is to be chosen rather
get understanding is to be chosen rather
get understanding is to be chosen rather than silver the highway of the upright
than silver the highway of the upright
than silver the highway of the upright is to depart from evil he who keeps his
is to depart from evil he who keeps his
is to depart from evil he who keeps his way preserves his soul
way preserves his soul
way preserves his soul pride goes before destruction and a
pride goes before destruction and a
pride goes before destruction and a haughty spirit before a fall
haughty spirit before a fall
haughty spirit before a fall better to be of humble spirit with the
better to be of humble spirit with the
better to be of humble spirit with the lowly and to divide the spoil with the
lowly and to divide the spoil with the
lowly and to divide the spoil with the proud
proud
proud he who heeds the word wisely will find
he who heeds the word wisely will find
he who heeds the word wisely will find good and whoever trusts in the Lord
good and whoever trusts in the Lord
good and whoever trusts in the Lord happy is he the wise in heart will be
happy is he the wise in heart will be
happy is he the wise in heart will be called prudent and sweetness of the lips
called prudent and sweetness of the lips
called prudent and sweetness of the lips increases learning
understanding is a wellspring of life to
understanding is a wellspring of life to him who has it
him who has it
him who has it but the correction of fools is folly the
but the correction of fools is folly the
but the correction of fools is folly the heart of the wise teaches his mouth and
heart of the wise teaches his mouth and
heart of the wise teaches his mouth and adds learning to his lips pleasant words
adds learning to his lips pleasant words
adds learning to his lips pleasant words are like a honeycomb sweetness to the
are like a honeycomb sweetness to the
are like a honeycomb sweetness to the soul and health to the bones there is a
soul and health to the bones there is a
soul and health to the bones there is a way that seems right to a man but it's
way that seems right to a man but it's
way that seems right to a man but it's end is the way of death
end is the way of death
end is the way of death the person who Labor's Labor's for
the person who Labor's Labor's for
the person who Labor's Labor's for himself for his hungry mouth drives him
himself for his hungry mouth drives him
himself for his hungry mouth drives him on an ungodly man digs up evil and it is
on an ungodly man digs up evil and it is
on an ungodly man digs up evil and it is on his lips like a burning fire a
on his lips like a burning fire a
on his lips like a burning fire a perverse man
perverse man
perverse man so strife and a whisper asseverated the
so strife and a whisper asseverated the
so strife and a whisper asseverated the best of friends a violent man entices
best of friends a violent man entices
best of friends a violent man entices his neighbor and leads him in a way that
his neighbor and leads him in a way that
his neighbor and leads him in a way that is not good
is not good
is not good [Music]
he winks his eye to devise perverse
he winks his eye to devise perverse things he purses his lips and brings
things he purses his lips and brings
things he purses his lips and brings about evil the silver-haired head is a
about evil the silver-haired head is a
about evil the silver-haired head is a crown of glory if it is found in the way
crown of glory if it is found in the way
crown of glory if it is found in the way of righteousness he who is slow to anger
of righteousness he who is slow to anger
of righteousness he who is slow to anger is better than the mighty and he who
is better than the mighty and he who
is better than the mighty and he who rules his spirit then he who takes a
rules his spirit then he who takes a
rules his spirit then he who takes a city the lot is cast into the lap but
city the lot is cast into the lap but
city the lot is cast into the lap but it's every decision is from the Lord
it's every decision is from the Lord
it's every decision is from the Lord [Music]